Typescript: superset of Javascript, has all the same feature as Javascript 
			but with an additional layer on the top: the type system
			It allows for optional static typing, as well as type inference.
			
			Since Javascript has weekness in static typing, 
			it results harder to spot issues at complie time and leading to hard-to-debug error at runtime.
			As the size of a project increases, the maintainability and readability of the code reduces as well.
			
			Typescript has extra layer on top of Javascript, uses a transpiler at build time to convert the Typescript
			code into Javascript.
			
Static coding: 	Analysis inspect code before/without running it. FInd the structure issues and errors.
				Immediate feedback coding quality and early security check.
Dynamic coding: Analysis tests the running application to see real-time behavior, etc.
				Validate functionality, performance, and security in a live environment.
				

import express  from "express";
import { Express } from "express";

Difference: Express -> type and express -> function.
			Express used only at compile time, express used at runtime**
			
Express.js: one of popular web application framework for Node.js
			Provide thin layer of essential feature on top of Node.js's core functionality, 
			simplifying common web development tasks without imposing a rigid structure. 
			
			Provide features:
				Routing System (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
				Middleware support:	One of core concept; They are functions that have access to the request and response objects
									and the next middleware function in the application request-response cycles.
									Used as authentication, logging, parsing request body, and error handling.
				Templating Integration:	Support various templating or "View" engines like Pug, EJS, and Handlebar,
										which allow for generating dynamic HTML content on the server side.
				Static File Serving: Can easily serve static file like images, CSS, and Javascript file from a designated directory.
				Extensibility:	Has a large ecosystem of third-party plugin and middleware packages available via npm (Node Package Manager) 
								that can be integrated to add functionality as needed.
								
Async:	It let program wait for slow operations (DB, API, file I/O),
		without blocking the entire server.	(await, async)
		Examples: Database queries, Network requests, Reading files, Authentication checks
		Key characteristics: 
				Always return Promise
				Enable the "await" keyward: it can only used inside an async function, pause the execution of the function until the Promise
											it's waiting for it settled (resolved or rejected)